We have successfully cut an RC for all Conexus repos other than UI.  UI has the following error that Steve and Jeff will need to work through.

An unhandled exception occurred: Cannot find module 'ajv/dist/compile/codegen'

These are some other things that need to be fixed but I believe these also existed on the DISC side

release branch builds are failing because they are trying to push build artifacts to the conexus-snapshot repository.  These release branches should never publish anything to Artifacxtory.  These are the repos that have this problems
billing sftp
task
vendor emulator
contract
webservices
rest
ws
reconciliation
They should act just like the pricing release branch build. 
I notice this in pricing log
build    05-May-2026 15:43:23    Not a long lived branch
build    05-May-2026 15:43:23    This is a child (feature) development branch. Not deploying to Artifactory
And this in the failing ones
build    05-May-2026 17:53:46    Not a long lived branch
build    05-May-2026 17:53:46    This is not a develop branch but may be a feature branch

The reporting release branch never builds for some reason.  This should build just like all the other repos



Thanks for setting the start and finish release builds up @Jeff Sikala - QT3CLC-C - pretty much success other than UI

I think fixing the release branch builds to prevent publishing stuff to Antifactory will also fix the issue we have with those repos publishing snapshot artifacts for feature branches.  Feature branches should never publish snapshot artifacts.
We were only able to test start release.  Once the UI start release s fixed and QA has done smoke testing on the RC bits we should have someone from the Titans run the finish release builds to make sure the whole process is working.




 here is an other observation on deleting ll branches. on merging a PR bitbucket usually give you an option to delete the feature branch. in case of ll branch it will disable the chcek box to delete the branch. I merged couple PR's this morning, development-utils is working as expected grayed out the checkbox to delete the ll branch, on api_gate the check box was enabled. Which means I was able to delete ll branch. Can you address that issue please ? also on both the PR's merge button is still enabled with an open task.